profile/README.md, before:

## Requesting access to Configit SDK

The Configit SDK repositories and packages are private. To request access, mail
configit-sdk-req@configit.com.

## Configit Ace C#/.NET clients

The following C#/.NET clients are available for Configit Ace.

### Ace Model API Client for .NET       

A helper library for the Ace Model API, letting you
programmatically interact with the Ace Model application.

- NuGet package —  [`Configit.Ace.Model.Api.Client`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/packages/1151047)
- Sample application —  [Ace Model API Client sample](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/tree/main/RestApi/ApiClientSampleModel)

### Ace Model Import XML Client for .NET

A library for generating XML import files for Ace Model.

- NuGet package — [`Configit.Ace.Import.XmlClient`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/packages/1123124)
- Sample application — [Ace Model Import XML Client sample](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/tree/main/XmlClientSampleModel)

### Ace Configure Client for .NET

A helper library for calling the Packages API,
Configuration API, and Storage API. Use this client to build interactive
configurators, discover the contents of packages, and query which
individual resources a package contains.

- NuGet package — [`Configit.Ace.Platform.Client`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/packages/1123127)
- Sample application — [CLI Configurator](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/tree/master/cli-configurator)

### Ace Configure Offline Client for .NET

An offline implementation of the
Configuration API. Use this client to build configurators that run locally
(offline) against packages downloaded from Ace Platform. Applications
using this client should be intended for single users.

- NuGet package — *Not yet available*
- Sample application —
  [CLI Offline Configurator](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/tree/master/cli-offline-configurator)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#5)
adds a welcome message; downplays requesting access

profile/README.md, after:


# Welcome to the Configit SDK :wave:

Welcome to the Configit SDK, home of API client libraries and sample code for Configit partners.

> **Getting access**: The Configit SDK repositories and NuGet/npm packages are private. To request access, mail
> configit-sdk-req@configit.com.

## Configit Ace C#/.NET clients

The following C#/.NET clients are available for Configit Ace.

### Ace Model API Client for .NET       

A helper library for the Ace Model API, letting you
programmatically interact with the Ace Model application.

- NuGet package —  [`Configit.Ace.Model.Api.Client`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/packages/1151047)
- Sample application —  [Ace Model API Client sample](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/tree/main/RestApi/ApiClientSampleModel)

### Ace Model Import XML Client for .NET

A library for generating XML import files for Ace Model.

- NuGet package — [`Configit.Ace.Import.XmlClient`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/packages/1123124)
- Sample application — [Ace Model Import XML Client sample](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-model-samples/tree/main/XmlClientSampleModel)

### Ace Configure Client for .NET

A helper library for calling the Packages API,
Configuration API, and Storage API. Use this client to build interactive
configurators, discover the contents of packages, and query which
individual resources a package contains.

- NuGet package — [`Configit.Ace.Platform.Client`](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/packages/1123127)
- Sample application — [CLI Configurator](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/tree/master/cli-configurator)

### Ace Configure Offline Client for .NET

An offline implementation of the
Configuration API. Use this client to build configurators that run locally
(offline) against packages downloaded from Ace Platform. Applications
using this client should be intended for single users.

- NuGet package — *Not yet available*
- Sample application —
  [CLI Offline Configurator](https://github.com/configit-sdk/ace-configure-samples/tree/master/cli-offline-configurator)
